Upgrade CXF to 4.X (#360)
playframework/play-soap: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/highlights.adoc

= What's new in Play SOAP 2.x

> This page highlights the new features of Play SOAP 2.x.

Reviewer: I would just remove this, personal preference.

Reviewer 2: Done ✔️

== CXF 4.0

> CXF was updated to the new major version 4.0. As a result the `javax.\*` packages were migrated to `jakarta.*` because CXF 4.0 was based on https://jakarta.ee/specifications/platform/9.1/[JakartaEE 9.1]. Fore more details see the https://cxf.apache.org/docs/40-migration-guide.html[CXF 4.0 release notes]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have upgraded CXF to the next major version, `4.0`. Because CXF `4.0` is based on https://jakarta.ee/specifications/platform/9.1/[JakartaEE 9.1], all references to the `javax.\*` classpath needed to be migrated to `jakarta.*`. For more details, see the https://cxf.apache.org/docs/40-migration-guide.html[CXF 4.0 release notes]
```

== Java 11

> The minimum Java version that supported by Play SOAP 2.x is 11. It has happened due to the fact, that the https://cxf.apache.org/docs/35-migration-guide.html[CXF 3.5] series was the last to support Java 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support CXF 4.0, Play SOAP 2.x now requires Java 11. https://cxf.apache.org/docs/35-migration-guide.html[CXF 3.5] is the last major release of CXF that supported Java 8.
```
